everyone it is the third day of groups
with covers presented by mobile it's I'm
joined right now by the SKT fans you
hooked us up earlier with a bunch of SKT
swag this is the Chinese SKT fan club
I may be hello so first off let me ask
you why are you SKT fans because I think
SKT is the best team in the world not
only they got 3 3 watch championship but
also they always is in spirit they are
stronger and never give up it's it's
encouraged me very very good I would
like to ask each of you who is your
favourite SKT player okay so starting
with you who's your SKT player as you
know in SKT there are three members they
first in the same year so we call them
19:19 say slime
it means fake herb and the wharf I love
them so much okay and your favorite SKT
Baker okay faker I love you okay there
we go
a lot of faker and bang I notice a lot
of faker and bang do you do you think
because there are many EDG fans and many
team w/e like many Chinese LPL fans to
the LPL fans are they angry that you are
SKT fans because I think s part is not
is not limited not not country not City
we are like a sport and SKT is the best
a sports team okay very very good I like
to hear that and are you all from the
city or where did you come from how far
did you all come from to see SKT play
I am I'm in hand in this university so
I'm very happy that World Championship
will hold in Wuhan and my friends will
maybe they they are come from Hong Kong
and and in the another Prima's okay so
they all traveled here do you think SKT
will win 2017 worlds okay everyone is
very confident now I notice one thing
there's lots of SKT lots of SKT but then
there is TSM TSM
why are you TSM fan okay okay because
we're extinct you that's why I mean I'm
a TSM fan as well alright so is there
anything that you would like to all say
too for SKT here art world's thank you
all thank you thank you you can check
out the rest of our coverage of all
things Worlds right here on my youtube
channel thanks so much for watching
another one of my worlds interviews I
want to give a shout out to mobile it
expired sponsor for this event they are
all about helping you identify your
personal strengths and weaknesses in
League of Legends so you can get better
and by the way they are also doing a
giveaway so check that out in the
comments and you can sign up at mobile
xgg / Travis